hello friends all over brazil thursday 7 pm april 11th the right tip here the
our general we renewed our spokesman as side here a new life a wolf
government leader in the chamber with demands from where the military academy of the needles
black me here one more element of captain and
here the left wing in the stained image the channel is the one that in the language for
also transmit our our our our immense
i just arrived from rio de janeiro we had an encounter with the level of the game
was the subject of israel's increase much smaller than the american state in jerusalem
on our part at first to vote not the humans of the un
then a radical change from a halter vote
after all in venezuela is to finish the vat in other countries here that don't have
any love for democracy and freedom after our trip ió is we created there
the business offices in jerusalem and then we took another step towards this
possibility so I'm really happy because when doing
the best time with the ball but the municipality does not have a week that
approximately 5,000 mayors here in brasília i use the word that could
be our 67 minute page I think it's worth you so our
pronouncement that seize that all the time very great pleasure he the
mayor is the mayor vadico and the vice mayor of noel did not do anything
paulista right I want to visit the meet one marked the
my life I got there the years 65 64 65 and leaving there is the beginning and 73 for winning
contest can put the entire career of the army and without cramming scenario
to be approved in the senate of that time by the military
the teaching is of quality, the teacher had the power to exercise his authority in
classroom and I live in the city
here the jiló and we have some good news
great part of the young people he managed together
nélio mendonça and managed to change the interpretation is one of those of law
the document is less individual that we often play with problems
of the prefecture's cash flow is better it could not be released
john chapel goes first to see with his management on Sunday playing around
of the game was the president good night good night will not use
although all Brazilians are watching here
the idea of ​​the government in the chamber managed together then as president spoke to the
attorney general of the union in order to change the interpretation of a provision
of the constitution that prevented mayors like us present here from
São Paulo municipalities and five municipalities across Brazil is the one who asked for
mayors receive funds from individual amendments by parliamentarians
normally parliamentarians have federal deputies for example 15
millions spend to distribute in their electoral bases in a way that creates in
schools hospitals and extract equipment and this interpretation
previously in force in other governments is to prevent it is not
possible to decentralize many times because mayors inherited days and the
minister was touched by the change in the medium the president approved an opinion
now it is mandatory for the entire public administration and this will
privileging parliamentarians will allow them to continue to shine in the
tip of the line and helping the Brazilian population
received the benefit of his work and the government to sell cattle for example the
mayors and vice mayors the fateful I don't know if you fit that
situation imagine what environmental cause is the glue where they were served there
also last night i was invited by the minister of culture
we are in a group of approximately 30 ambassadors
kilometers for me for her a lot month starts fast and I said I put my
building pronouncement brazil is a wonderful country there are people
of the whole world in here that everyone should be doing just as I said in
anywhere the guy will find a place on the team while the guys and there
pretty quick speech
I hope that this business and trade environment in countries will go beyond that, right?
overflows so that so that friendship the interaction increasingly
latent our life does not exist this story of many times
talks to tell you that i am against certain country he rejected them not
respect religion everyone Brazil wants to do business
with everyone in my old medina of the time press that one thing is what
this is a question of how the Brazilian company likes itself very effective
our president meets this festivity of diplomacy by demonstrating
the rapprochement now also with the Islamic world
thinking about the commercial point of view we think the point of view of
improvement of our reporting relationship, but obviously taking into account
principles he has already designed during his campaign which is the
continuation there is absolutely no division of peoples in the sense that we
we all approach are important for our brazil for our society not
exists for any of us business in brazil
lie here the weather see today see it says here in at least
four of them area and went there is none
all these changes at every moment present in that goal at some point
demands on everybody with a lot of dignity with a lot of correct tension we
very profitable and a much better topic was dealt with in the political mind
it was then this is this but this lie guide ball or part of the press
the benefit is every day 3/4 phenyl on us but let's get straight to talking to
press she is very important in the relationship with our president
the president understands her as the institution despite the fact that the
shopping is effectively determined from this calculation the truth is
presented translated into english
we had today we celebrate in the morning a hundred days of our government is a lot for
talk to you other hands because you don’t want to complement what was
treated there our era we are revoking advice are
approximately a thousand you from the federal government believe a thousand county
they even want with 50 and we will do it for sure in the next
weeks have advice that is on holders and six alternates 10 thousand
who will pay the bill for the ten books of boarding a car bus
particular as an airline manager lodging at the hotel and we want the
better for the Indian night until a human being as in the front will stop
exist in Brazil
this one, that’s good, it’s exactly stabilized, we haven’t solved us
here is a path that sent nothing more than that is to continue here we
government then reduced from 29 to 22 ministries
we cut 21 thousand positions and paid functions a decree that has a scene
a certain buzz that made the issue of the possession of a firearm more flexible, that is,
almost impossible to buy a water which you depended on the will of a delegate
where you had to prove the actual need
we just left let him give up in a very smart way right
the priest who brought it again meets 2016 so state that we had to
deaths per 100 thousand inhabitants in Goiás by 1 10
after the fire is circumvented the effective need
the suspect to the federal police shop in a conflict shopping mall is one of the most
democratically I decide for us and this here then this week's decree
next we’re going to invite the parliamentarians the idea here of the vehicle
kombi at school details of public security in são paulo police officers
federal and civil police tennis - integrating the armed forces in common
agreement we show him to leave after all this decree that will facilitate
a lot, right, the lives of these sniper collectors and the home of the other decrees
about that miró and we intend to present a bill
listening to the deputy he would have to be down to earth 3722 but he wants to simplify the
that she wouldn’t have, let’s listen to her and be a project
ours we have to ask for urgency is to condition it is also faster instead
but it will all be inspired by deputy peninha from santa catarina
but I sing I think more than everyone's understanding since the beginning of
year 2000 this base is there and it does not go forward is a problem because the ball was
pt problem did not want to sign an agreement with the united states that i
i always say united states but we will repeat miami
enjoying family vacation in hawaii taking there there is nothing to say
so it's all right is that it was personal and very basically at least one source
national is a person who prides us all for the things he was yesterday
at the congress was applauded even for the position
so there is a place that was he was going to make a profit from
documents that the chamber the senate will answer the call of everything is also to do
with this bug currently in the conventions and is and will be to prove a
very important thing here
the north-south railway role a part of it completing its three and a half years
for more than a thousand km so why would any minister this stretch
of the highway was purchased at the full price offered by us and within
approximately three years we will have here then concluded this north railway
south connecting national port in tocantins in the far west of são paulo
to exemplify it was a great job also from the deputy state of Goiás
federal representatives are 17 federal deputies and three senators from the state of goiás
we held meetings a meeting was on the eve of launching
at the auction the minister was present the state governor the deputies
federal senators and also a member of the public prosecutor's office at the
tcu and is an example of interaction between the powers everything is right, the level of union
union states chamber and senate discussing to promote brazil from a political
efficient public that the next day we went so it is são paulo with beginning ace
is doing an exceptional job and really the price that was bought by
double what was in the notice proving that this interaction between
legislative and executive cannot bring will certainly bring real benefits
of the Brazilian population the authorship press the button on the paper to
something has been under construction for 33 years and is now going to be completed
now here the globe and there will be a rise in the noel guard the monday
preparing to better serve the band had parliamentarians with the government to
seek solutions to your present problems that was your intention to
complementing the apb to the north-south era comes to add up in a process of integration of the
modals so it is therefore Brazil from north to
south or to the middle and kick sisu is already imagining the paving of br 242
informs to allow the flow of the harvest functions in the region of Mato Grosso and the
same time throw my god the br-163 up there the output of this production in the sea
for cabotage and long haul transport is not really the integration of
all modes in order to facilitate and enrich our country since he spoke
is 63 stop for the countless so take the stop that is avoiding a gun a
highway that started there in the geisel government was opened in place will be completed the
government our god wants right now year ie the Brazilian is accepted the
challenge and as soon as the rainy season in the region ends he starts the
paving of br 163 that is missing so that the whole harvest produced in the
central west has a calm flow that the heart of style in brazil can
call his death the example of that army f block he made a call
dignity of practically all engineering units to compose a
team that will provide br the construction and resurfacing of br 163
with human resources prepared so the person knows about the paraíba goes
working at br-163 spends three four five months
in fact I thought that the life of the paraiba military left him today is ours
minister of science and technology but remains sensational rate is in
big campina at all times a big hug to our mayor as rodrigo do
psdb thank you very much sometimes
all right then I was champion is what is doing something is inaugurating the
testing center and signaling technologies must have already looked for a
at that time you have Israeli technology much at the disposal of the
our dna we can understand the enthusiasm is
that can israeli rainfall without less than the cna at the destination
shows a and we have a problem with lack of water with almost nonexistent poultry farming
or very deficient in this region, the event helped many people
speak see what is being done what he
can take buy buy in the market the government can also offer for him
so that he can take it to the inter or the hinterland there he can then that the water
go down analyzed in clear has machinery that is not finishing is a guy like that
disorganization even the adhesion map that this work and you take the salt from it is another
technique also removed the water from the air and helped them to the energy source so
everything indicates are photovoltaic plates ie solar energy and a source
israel there he also had the information that
wife's israel investing in a factory having the equipment in the northeast would be
planted there were in the drinking water in your region in speaking
northeast we also announced today 13th of the scholarship
family there behind a project went to bed and
stayed in the senate with the pt senator who gave an opinion against the 13th scholarship
family and it didn't come out so now it's in the classic hit the cheat
we have enough resources to pay the thirteenth for those in need
the third is a is a reality of our government
what positively surprised us and touched a few days for her gave deputy
joão campos de goiás he brought a reasonable that he would like
who didn’t have a summer night, they know that there is a meaningful project to
listen to the Minister of Mines and Energy to do a feasibility study
we don't have summer because it is always said for us and life on the planet
study no longer has the economy because I was typical of mosul in egypt
15 15 hours so there is no need now for bad ok this was the
finger because it is not a medicine is talking to the health personnel our
here in the presidency is from heaven so in a way a lot of people have their
biological clock is attacked this new summer time right
that is, people get drowsy at the service
o stayed awake at night but it is good to have the archeological zone this influences the
productivity of the human being at the end of so the decree is ready good and in
next week the presence of joão campos and other parliamentarians who have a project is
of the government in the sense of having a canoeist resolved the heart demonstrated
through our social media analyzes and surveys an apartment
classic in tokyo the page has nothing to do with my vacancy
it is too early with this exchange of this picture that doesn’t look
my page of anything else I had was people have more followers
I believe that 90% acceptance of the end of the plane
the remaining 10% of the missing staff will disturb my beer late o
guys I'm sure everything will be
running out of energy because of the event is called having a beer with
all sure that in the place were left brasilília next week inviting
to replace here you will not accept it so you don’t know today right
is the evocation of more or less 50 decrees that want democratization
other other final lawyers will pass the time we had a 1903 document
still in force
it's a very debatable thing many ship many parents want to get out of
government in the project in the chamber a project
remote site has competence doing after work and simplifies
quite the stoi dedé that has in view what happens in Brazilian education
he would be calmer already the child at home he signing for the school
so we're going to open up that possibility since the parliament is not new
the chamber the senate is good almost with this proposal will now choose the love that
completes 100 days of government as 35 goals achieved and now we are going to
provoke to leverage other goals under the leadership of our continent to
demonstrate our identity from someone else thank you so much for the way already have
almost o many people who stay there will have in the fields
the young woman now a journey would then speak to 30 thousand, which is little but if I
remember during the campaign last year one of them peaked at 420,000
online the new drug arrives in italy what
was done is the only secretary asks that whoever would also be able to occur the
little jorginho is going to make a trip to israel that visits places and leave in the desert
I see that big big watermark above the contest
here we in all of fish partnered with paraguay and had israel had will have
also a novelty at the time under pt chico class it was green and red
rain with beer no one when is the legacy plan the
champion in the opportunity the people brazil has eight of 500 km of coast 7
thousand cubic kilometers of water is from renewed water resources
we need to transform brazil in addition to being a major producer of grains and
other proteins is also a major producer of fish
after all capital today we are the 13th world producer of fish and
with all due respect that we have respect for all nations
but with so many resources today we are after countries like vietnam and bangladesh
it's egypt and even the chile that here on our side
not to see them but headlights with our potential
we need to grow and obviously you know that there are resources from the sea to fishing
it has a biological limit but we cannot go out issuing licenses and
capture more than the state if we compromise biomass in species and
such so where Brazil is going to grow let's go
follow the example of china china today is the major producer of fish farming
world culture and here in brazil with so much water
neco both gyssel of the dams and itaipu
we have every condition to be also a world player in the production of
fish then came to captain brought a
gift to theaters and not at home there are bottons the gain was
present to the pope back from itaipu this week we had a civil general there
curiously answered a strong hug from the
doctor ariel who attended us wonderfully yesterday had a
with the environmental personnel in Paraguay it was a personal superpositive, okay?
giving all the support thank you so much there so also doing our part
here in brasilia today we have secrets for the captain to revoke it was in this
revocation then we will present it and also something that you needed
on your social networks was the issue of tilapia is on the skin of the tilapia is that I
wanted to have an important data today is 97% of burns are treated that has
are low-income people and Brazil today has the importance of technology
however the personnel still in the pharmaceutical industry personnel who have the capacity
today the doctor edemar but it is next to it will be a hug to you your team is
congratulations today they can't do it doesn't have a
Brazilian industry capable of producing this skin so that we can learn
our brazil the economy captain to be millions
not only is it because of the old resources that gauze tape is used that causes
a lot of pain in the wound on the foot of the burn mark but also on the skin of the tilapia
can make potent medications can cover brain is in the event of an accident is
a wonderful product and we have already produced a part of this tilapia and
short we will double the national production is of obstacles so we are working
captain for our brazil 11 with love with a diligent and we are sure that the
our culture party secretary will give us a lot of joy to go to our
big [ __ ]
hunter not selecting the hectare of water and heavy mud I produced 10 to 15 surface
before killing curing that same ecta ​​if you liked important modifications
while oil production is even more lethal
only then would it be 100 to 150 tonnes in order to prevent that country from happening outside the
hotel now cancer is a bad week
now working to be a giant to accompany me, the captain suffered two
surgeries an advertisement for social agents of the hill i'm also carioca
i have 4102 i want more followers she talks about the conseg related to fishing in follow and
instagram of 30 beautiful maritime that the towel train so this is where we are
needing there is a possible that is not we have today two trucks of
documentation of you artisanal fisherman or professional fisherman and search for
fishing all the documentation that you sent to Brasília to make this
trip was a drop pipe around there we took all of this we’re digitizing
a very slow process takes approximately one year
but we will give a prompt answer to each one of you who deserve all the
our respect we are working for our class
reminding you that the agriculture and fisheries secretariat already has to grow
with sustainability says we are committed to sustainability we
we know of our worldwide role in this, we are also committed
and fish farming, beekeeping is for me, that is, we only have farmers
say let's be a capital fish farmer too
there in space and one of everything that is beautiful but I'm going to do a search now is
take the research team you believe old tilapia fillet with everything
to her or another athlete receiving touch which is the biggest challenge was new but he
just for the news that federal deputy delegate marcelo freitas made a
excellent job presented his report on the new beginners and
we need to approve we are walking we hope to build a path that
next week on the 16th 17 Tuesday or Wednesday that we can vote and
approve the report at the ccj then we move on to the special commission and
plenary our intention is that we can
approve the new pension then in the two houses at the end of the first
semester beginning in the next semester so that the reflexes in case of this approval are
this year we can move on to other absences in the chamber and in the senate as
tax reform and says that a good start from the middle of the infrastructure
privatizations and so many others that I'm not sure that parliament
Brazilian can take can bring benefit to the Brazilian population
only the new pension you are already rosenthal can be sure you will
receive your retirement until the last day of your life and so that
they will take beauty is the certainty that when you retire you will receive at
bank is hesitated to its inactivity earnings the retirement process
this search alone we don't need to prove the new president
another news without a personal home you always ask us there with the opening of
European community to export back to the European community after
we started to deliver is taking a while to use these documentation from the past
the previous secretaries previous administrations started to delay and not
respond to the health protocols of European countries and producers
Brazilians of all sizes because it leaves there a taste that is basically caught
there by the producer is artisan even other big fish like tuna mecca anyway
they lost a lot of resources they lost money even right their activity for not being able
export to the european community and to israel
so I want to tell you that we are on a task force within the ministry
agriculture with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and probably there
we sent a second action plan now 15 to 15 days ago and we are waiting
looking forward to a positive response from the European community that will affect
also israel when we were there with the prime minister and now the winner of the
elections there I see my little land asking him to change is to accept
Brazilian fish are also concerned with the
marketing to positively affect our business
producers
israel has a nathaniel jales software your party has a home
quite numerous with certainty including that he remains the
prime minister of israel so congratulations best wishes and good luck
in btl detail we will have it in your possession again a little bit is not complicated
for us but it is a difference that God continues to bless Israel and our
dear brazil strong hug to all and until the fifth
next fair if god wants